[Music]
so you're just starting your day or did
you just get off hey call I go you know
so what is it you do I'm a driver Oh
like a chauffeur
anyone I'd know what is your name baby
your name's baby Bab why baby
[Music]
this one you say listen to the music all
the time he's the mental mental meaning
slow was he slow no he had an accident
when he was a kid still has a hum in the
drum plays music to drown it out and
that's what makes him the best
[Music]
one more job and I'm done one more job
and we're straight no I don't think I
need to give you the speech of all what
happens when you say no how I could
break your legs and tell everyone you
love because you already know that don't
ya the moment you catch feelings is the
moment you catch a bullet and you're a
waitress girlfriend she's cute let's
keep it that way
I want us to head west I never stopped
he went I mean baby
[Music]
one of these days baby
you're gonna get blood on your hands
time to face the music
baby we need to get out of here I have
to end this are we in bed together now
baby
Michael Myers this is Mike Meyer it's to
be the Halloween Mass this is a
Halloween mask no the killer dual from
Halloween
oh you mean Jason no baby you tell me
who does
you could do all of them yes I do
that's too bad
you